docs: Proofreading edits and instructions for Homebrew (#262)
noahbald/oxvg: readme.md

## Installation

Install OXVG using the package manger of your choice. 

### Cargo

```sh
cargo install oxvg
```

### Homebrew

```sh

> brew install OXVG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brew install oxvg
```

> ```sh
> brew install OXVG
> ```
> 
> ## View commands
> `oxvg --help`
> 
> ## Optimise an SVG
> `oxvg optimise < input.svg > output.svg`
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## View commands
```sh
oxvg --help
```

## Optimise an SVG
```sh
oxvg optimise < input.svg > output.svg
```

````

An SVG [optimiser](https://github.com/noahbald/oxvg/wiki/Optimiser) similar to [SVGO](https://github.com/svg/svgo) is available. It can run [up to 50x faster](https://github.com/noahbald/oxvg/wiki/Benchmarks), especially on larger file-sets.

> We based the optimiser on SVGO and aim for compatibility with it, but it isn't a 1-for-1 replacement. As a result, some plugins may behave differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optimiser is based on SVGO and aim for compatibility with it, but it isn't a 1-for-1 replacement. As a result, some plugins may behave differently.
```
Use formal tone, focus on subject

### [Optimiser](https://github.com/noahbald/oxvg/tree/main/crates/oxvg_optimiser)

> This is where you'll find the jobs (i.e. SVGO plugins) for our optimiser, which you can also use as a library in your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where the jobs (i.e. SVGO plugins) for our optimiser, which can also be used as a library in your applications.
```
Formal tone
